OK.
And I'm going to make this.
Bigger, OK.
I have the circle again. Oh,
yes, I have to wait. There we
go. Hang on, it was coming up.
Do it the way that I did it last
time because I think it was
having difficulties.
OK. Can you see it now?
OK, perfect.
OK, so.
You could start describing the
short story when you're ready.
#START_flowerman OK, so we start
our story. It looks like there
is a.
Kind of like maybe like a
festival, but it's it's a black
and white.
Page, the only color is the sky
and a person, a person walking
their dog on the page that looks
like an older woman walking a
dog and it's like a almost like
spooky or scary. And there's a
there's a Ferris wheel, there's
a gas station, there's a pop up
tent, there's a bar, a bait
shop, a truck. There's another
person but they're in black and
white and there's a car.
That's cut it down in a like a
ditch.
And it just it has like a foggy,
creepy feel to it.
Looks like it's at night. It
looks like everything is closed
and the sky in the background is
purple. And like I said, that's
pretty much the only color on
the page. Everything else is
pretty much back black and white
other than the woman and her
dog, and we can move on to the
next page.
And on the next page, it's still
night time. It's still got a
little bit of a creepy feel
we're moving on to. We've still
got the.
I think it's a woman. Umm,
whoever it is, it looks like an
older person. They're wearing a
hat, they have a scarf. They're
the only thing in color still.
There's.
Uh, some big buildings like
houses and a cafe, all in black
and white. There's some people
out on their balconies. The sky
is still like a purplish color.
You could see some people
through their windows. You could
see like the the street lights
are on.
And it looks like there's a
child walking there in black and
white as well, and there's like
a motorcycle or some sort of a
bike on the road.
And.
{Yeah, we can move on to the
next page.}
All right, we still see the I
can't tell if it's a woman or a
man, but we still see the older
person walking and they've got
like a greenish brown coat and a
a blue hat.
Again, they're like the only
thing in color, except the sky,
which is still purple. Now
they're walking past some
different buildings.
You could see people in pretty
much all the windows. So we've
got like some three story
building, some apartments, some
maybe bigger. I don't know if
it's houses or if they're all
yeah, but there's a house there.
There's.
In the corner it looks like
there's maybe like a fountain or
something with some people
sitting by it. There's some
people standing under an awning.
The street lights are on.
There's a fire hydrant.
Let's see what some of the
people in the windows are doing.
It looks like somebody's
painting. There's a couple in
one of the windows.
There's somebody sitting.
Most people seem to be sitting.
There's a telescope on top of
one of the buildings, there's
chimneys and they have smoke
coming out of them.
That there's this street is like
a pebbled Street.
Umm.
There's a woman outside of one
of the buildings and two men
standing under an awning.
There's a cola sign.
{Yeah, we can move on to the
next page.}
OK. So things are starting to
come into a little bit more
color. Still for the most part,
it's all in black and white, but
now there are quite a few people
outside.
Guessing it must have been the
person that we thought earlier
is still in color and now they
are standing on a ladder outside
of the of a house and the house
is also.
In color, it has a purple roof.
It's it looks like it's daytime
now. Now the sky is blue with
some pink clouds in it. The only
thing that's in color is that
person and their house and their
grass, even their lawn mower is
in color. They've got a purple
roof, they've got blue shutters,
a greenish colored door, and now
all these other people are
outside. So we're in the same
scene as we were on the last
pages, except now it's daytime.
Now there's way more.
People outside, like I said,
that house is in color. Even
like a tree kind of right by
their yard is in color.
Everything else is in black and
white.
Quite a few people outside,
there's somebody in a wheelchair
with a broken leg, there's a a
woman and a child, there's
somebody riding a scooter.
There are some children outside.
And then we could still see
people inside the windows. So
even some of the same people
that we saw in the last page, we
could see outside the windows.
{Yeah. OK, move on to the next
page.}
All right. We're starting to see
a little bit more color. We've
still got the same scene on this
page, still the same person.
Appears to be a man is in color
and the tree behind the house is
much brighter now. It's like a
orange and red. Even the House
is in a bit more color, like
it's a brighter purple on the
roof and the grass is really
green. And then most of most
everything else is in black and
white, except there is a little
girl walking and she is now in
color. So she has red hair. She
has a a yellow shirt.
And a blue skirt on she is the
only other thing that's in
color. There's still some people
outside. There's still some of
the same people in the windows.
There's like a A, maybe like a
ice cream cart person, and
there's a truck coming down the
street. There's some children on
the street as well as some
adults as well.
{Yeah, we can move on to the
next page.}
OK, it's still the same scene
and now we are seeing even more
color still the house.
With the purple roof and the red
tree behind it is still in
color. The man is in color, and
now there's some other people
around him who are in color, so
he's standing next to.
Um, a different redhead child
with glasses with a.
Like a green, like a green
sweater and a blue skirt.
There's another child standing
there with a hat and a green
shirt. There's a little girl
with a ponytail and blonde hair
and and even some of the
buildings next door are starting
to come into colors. So the
building next door now has red
shutters. We could see some
people in the window and they're
more in color now. So there's a
woman with like a green robe and
then there's somebody up.
On the top floor that's got a
beard. Downstairs there's a
child outside, she's in color.
There's a fire hydrant. There's
a man next to the the light
pole, he's in color. He has a
like a pinkish color tie. And
then the building behind them is
like half in color and half in
black and white. So there's a
blue shutters, there's somebody
standing in the window. There's
somebody like up in the attic.
That's in color. And they have
their shutters are open. And
then the same thing with the the
house next door on the other
side, it's like half in color
and half in black and white. So
it's just starting to come into
color. You can see some red
brick, and then some of the rest
of it is in black and white. And
then the awning, 2 of the
awnings are now like purple
striped, and then the other ones
are still in black and white.
And even the house a little bit
further down to like 2 doors
down is in color. There's
somebody standing.
In the upper window with the
shutters open, there's a
orangish red wall in the
background behind. Oh, I'm
sorry, that's the roof is like.
Multi Colored roof, the house
behind that is in color as well.
There's.
An older lady who's in color.
There's movers out there in
black and white, and some of the
other people are in black and
white.
The street is still black and
white and there's so the houses
are like half color, half black
and white starting to turn into
color. The sky is purple and it
has white clouds.
{I can move on to the next
page.}
And it looks like a.
Just about in full color now.
So it's, it's the same scene,
just some different people out.
There's a milk truck, there's a
red car, there's somebody,
they're selling paintings or
standing with paintings out on
the street. There's.
The more children out, there's
some more older people out.
There's somebody up on the roof
of the red brick house that's
next door.
turned out that. So that was
like just starting to turn red
brick and now it's full color
and everything is pretty much in
full color now and nice and
bright. There's there's a child
playing in the fountain.
There's some people dancing in
the streets.
Uh, there's still the man with
the wheelchair and the broken
leg. We still see the man who
was originally there living in
the house. And the the little
girl with the red hair and
glasses that is that was
standing next to him. Now he's
got a grill out. He's grilling.
Umm.
{Yeah, we can move on to the
next page.}
OK. We're still seeing color.
It's just getting brighter now.
There's somebody like with a
towel on top of standing on top
of the roof, like just in a
towel.
And there's an older couple
walking down the street, like
kind of snuggling together.
There's looks like probably a
mother and child. There's.
Some people that look like they
might be running.
Um.
We don't see the original.
older man, that was.
That, like, was the only thing
in color originally. I don't see
him, but he's probably on here
somewhere. Up on the another
roof. There is somebody with the
telescope now. So there's an
older man and two children with
the telescope.
There's another couple on one of
the other roofs.
There's.
A woman like sitting at that,
there's like 2 fountains and
there's a woman in a a pretty
formal dress sitting at one of
the fountains with a man.
There's.
Like a flower cart or something.
There's a dog by themselves.
Many people in the windows.
OK, now we're moving back to.
One of the original pages where
they were walking down the
street and everything was in
black and white except the
person and now everything is in
color. So we see some people
walking down the street, we see
a red roof, a blue roof, a green
roof, a purple roof. We see
fountain. The street lights are
on so it must be night time.
This is the the scene that had
the cafe as well as some of the.
Apartments and houses. The sky
is like a purple and blue color.
And there's people on a balcony,
there's people in the windows.
I think it's,
I think it's the same person
that was in the original scene
with the blue Hat also. Ohh Yep.
And now on the next page, there
they are again. They've got
their blue hat, their green coat
looks like an older man, and now
he's in a new scene and again,
he's the only thing that's in
color other than the sky. So the
sky is like a really pretty
shade of purple and purplish
pink. And we've got some black
and white buildings again with
people.
In the windows.
There's somebody sitting by a
fountain. There's like a duck
out there. I can't tell what's
in the man's hand. He has
something in his hand and
something next to him, but I
can't tell exactly what it is.
And like a whistle or something
maybe? And there's people like
looking out the windows at him.
The street lamps are on. It's a
little bit foggy still, but it's
not like a creepy scene. It
looks like a like a nice
nighttime scene.
And there's a for sale sign in
front of one of the places that
stone Stone Road.
{And we can move on to the next
page.}
And now there's a little girl
who has a flower. Looks like
somebody maybe just gave her the
flower, maybe the older man.
It's a purple flower. And she's
really excited. Her eyes are
really big. She has a big smile
on her face. She has a red
dress. She has a yellow shirt,
yellow shoes, a yellow headband,
kind of reddish brown hair. And
then there's a another man in
the window looking out at her,
and he has a red flower.
And he has a red tie on and we
can kind of see the the original
older man and he's walking away.
We only see like part of him,
but he's still in color. The
little girl is in color, the
other man is partially in color,
and everything else is black and
white. And she's out on her
front porch. #END_flowerman I
can move on to the next page.
And that's it.
Yeah, let me see what we have
next.
But we have another short story.
OK.
Yep, OK.
So I'm going to put this in.
And now I'm going to share my
screen.
OK.
So you could start when you're
ready. Same thing as before.
OK. All right. So we have some.
#START_journey I think it's
called sepia colored pages. It's
like the brownish tone. So
everything on the page is pretty
much this brownish tone except
for one thing. And it is red and
it appears to be a scooter. On
the page we see some children
outside. There's three children
that are together: one's on a
bike, one is on a skateboard and
the one on the bike is like.
Giving a high 5 to another child
that's standing next to him.
There's another child with a
purple. Oh, there's purple, so
there's a purple marker.
It looks like a boy in a striped
shirt wearing shorts. He's got a
purple marker. There's a street
light. The street light is is
kind of reddish. You can kind of
see the red color.
There is somebody sitting
outside, maybe a girl with the
red scooter. She's sitting on
like a a front stoop and then we
can see inside the house.
Inside the house we've got,
there's a woman wearing a skirt
in the kitchen. There's a man
upstairs in an office on a
computer, and behind him is.
Are some bookshelves and there's
quite a few books. And then
there's another child inside and
another room sitting on a couch.
Kind of looks like they're
looking at like a cell phone.
Not sure what time period this
is, but it looks like they're
looking at a cell phone and.
Um.
Yeah, and everything is kind of
sepia colored. Other than that,
the red scooter and the purple
marker are the only things that
are in color.
{We can move on to the next
page.}
OK, so we've moved inside. We've
got the mom in the kitchen,
she's cooking something. She's
stirring a pot. She is on the
telephone, telephones attached
to the wall. The girl has gone
inside. She's in the kitchen
with her mom with mom's on the
telephone, so she's not really
paying attention to her. The
scooter, the red scooter, is
inside with both of them as
well. So everything else is kind
of just like a brownish color,
except that red scooter.
Now the girl goes upstairs to
where her dad is. Her dad's
still on his computer. He's not
paying any attention to her.
He's just looking at the
computer away from her. She now
has a red kite and she's like
holding on to the back of his
chair, like up on her tip toes,
trying to see what he's doing or
what he's looking at. And then
she goes to where probably her
sister is, which is on the
couch. Her sister's not paying
any attention to her. She's
sitting on her phone or looking
at something.
And she sits on the couch and
the girl has like a red, I don't
know, maybe a ball or something.
So in each of them she's got a
red something. She has a red
scooter in the picture with her
mom. She has a red kite in the
picture with her dad and then a
red ball in the picture with her
sister. That's really the only
thing that's in color here.
Then move on to the next page
and she just looks really sad.
She's in her bedroom and she's
just kind of sitting there with
her arms crossed. She has a cat
in her bedroom. Everything is
sort of that brownish color and
it just looks like like she's
just sad and lonely and that
picture.
OK, so we are. We're still in
the bedroom, but now she sees
there's a.
A red marker. The cat has gotten
up. So the cat's gotten up and
it's like right where the cat
was sitting. So we've got a red
marker and we have some papers
on the floor and they're just
kind of sprung strewn about. And
she's looking at the red marker.
She's in her bedroom and we move
on to the next page and she
picks up the red marker and she
starts drawing on the wall and
she's drawing like a doorway. So
she's drawing like a red doorway
with the marker and she.
Opens the door, so it turns into
a real door. She opens the door
and we see her running through
and we see this in color. So the
door is red and where she's
running into is green. And we
could still see like the little
papers that are on the floor
that were behind her. So we know
that she's coming from the room,
the bedroom. {move on to the
next page.}
As she's entered, like a magical
land, so she's coming with the
door. So the outside of the door
is on a tree. So it's like she
was inside the tree and now
she's coming out. She has the
red marker in her hand and she's
in like a forest, but it's like
a like a really pretty forest
with lanterns hanging from the
trees and their string lights
hanging from the trees and
everything is green,
everything's in color, the red
door's
in color, the lanterns are like
a bluish color. It looks like
there's a little stream there
and she's just kind of looking
up at the lights.
I think just to see where she's
at.
{We can move on to the next
page.}
And so she walks over to a pier.
And she's standing on the pier
looking in the water. She's
looking down at the water. She's
still holding the red marker.
And you can kind of see the
reflection of the red marker in
the water. I could kind of see
the reflection of one of the
lanterns in the water as well.
So there's still the lanterns
and the string lights above her.
And she walks to the edge of the
pier and she starts drawing a
red boat and she's just like
drawing it, and it turns into a
real boat. So she.
Leaves the pier, she goes into
the boat and we see her sitting
inside the boat on the last
picture.
{You can move on to the next
page.}
And the red boat is leading her.
The stream is going up to a
giant castle. So we see her in
the boat and we see.
Like a a brick bridge and we see
more water around the castle. So
the castle is like surrounded by
water. It's almost like its own
little island. And there's like.
Golds.
Domes and top of the castle
there's some, there's a bunch of
chimneys, some flags. On the top
of the chimneys there's.
I can't tell if there's
somebody. I think there's like
two people standing kind of near
the front.
It looks like there might be
another person up on top, so
it's a very big castle. It's
giant.
Lots of levels. Lots of.
Intricate details to it. There's
a couple bridges.
There is like lots of levels and
lots of different looks like it.
I mean if you were inside of it,
it would be really big and
really hard to find your way
where you are.
There's a boat on top of one of
the bridges and another boat
underneath the bridge.
There's some water coming out,
like like waterfalls out of a
couple of the windows.
There's a windmill in the
background.
{And yeah, we can move on to the
next page.}
Alright, so she arrives at the
castle. There's what appeared to
be guards out front.
They're waving at her like she's
welcome there, so there's
several guards dressed in yellow
out front.
There's some gondolas going
around the castle.
Um, so there's.
3 gondolas.
Umm.
Going around the castle there
is.
Gold domes on top, there's.
See the water like the waterfall
outside the castle. We see
there's a guard in one of the
towers and then there's 12345
guards standing like right where
she's coming in. She's still on
her red boat.
And.
{Yeah, we can move on to the
next page.}
OK, her boat is about to go to
is at the edge, like she's about
to fall down the waterfall, and
there's still guards in the
tower. There's still there's two
gondolas in this picture, and it
looks like she's about to fall
off the edge.
And there's a waterfall there
and on the next page she's
falling and she's drawing with
her red marker as she's falling.
So it's like a semi circle, like
maybe she's drawing a ball and
then yeah, below her is the red
boat. So the red boat's just
falling down.
We can move on to the next page.
And now she's in a hot air
balloon. So it's a red hot air
balloon. So she was drawing,
that's what she was drawing, the
hot air balloon. There's still
two people at the tower. They're
like.
Waving their arms at her as she
flies away and she's waving back
at them.
There's like a.
A little.
I don't know what they're
called, but it's like a little
spinny thing on top of the
tower. So it's like a spinny
north-south, East-West type
thing with a boat design. And
then on the next page she's up
in the so she was up in the sky
like she's in, she's in the
clouds on that page. And then
the next page, I'm not sure
what's happening. We've got like
a purple bird and then.
I don't know what that is.
It's like a, I mean kind of
almost looks like a train or a
sort of a.
I don't know. It's up in the sky
though, and it has a.
Umm.
Has a wheel.
The propeller.
Maybe some sort of a?
Plane but there's like, I don't
know, it's like it.
It kind of looks like a train. I
don't know exactly what it is
because it's up in the sky and
then there's a couple other
things next to it, but I don't
know what those are either. So
we can move on to the next page.
Maybe we'll find out more there.
OK, so she's looking. So, so we
see her in the, the red hot air
balloon and she's looking at
these people. OK, so now we've
got the there's the purple bird
and it's got a really long tail,
like a curly tail and then.
I guess those are like, I don't
know, like flying.
Flying something that they're
sitting on. So there's people on
these like flying objects and
one of the people has a big net
and it's trying to catch the
purple bird. And it's like, I
mean they're like off. They're
like almost at the very edge,
almost off of the ship. I don't
know what I would call it. I
would let's just call it a ship.
So they're like hanging off the
edge of the ship trying to catch
the bird. There's still that
big.
Engine train, looking thing in
the sky behind it and they're up
in the cloud. She's just kind of
looking at all of this, still
holding her red marker {and we
can move on to the next page}.
Now she's next to all of this.
Sort of big.
Like engine-y train looking
thing.
Still up in the sky. There's
some people on it now.
It looks like they captured the
bird and they put it in a cage
and now it's on that big like
train ish thing. So they like so
from like these little tiny.
Ships. They have brought it down
to like this big giant train
thingy.
{And we can move on to the next
page.}
OK, now she's stepped off of her
hot air balloon. She is walking
on the train thingy, like on a
little bridge part of it,
there's people up above there's
a bridge.
That's on the train. There's
three people walking and they
have the bird in a cage.
And they're bringing it into the
interior.
She's still got her red marker
on the next page we've got.
Two people that are like guards.
They're wearing like.
Armor.
Um and holding?
Big Spears, and they have the
bird and they have the bird
inside a cage. They're like
guarding this bird. She's
walking up a ladder, peeking in,
and she's got her red marker.
So they see her, she captures
the birge, takes the bird, they
see her and they kind of got
like that ohh no type look. And
they one of them is like
dropping his spear and the other
ones kind of holding it out to
the side and they're not happy
that she's taking the bird. Now
we see her letting the bird,
releasing the bird, she's
letting the bird go. So she's
like off at the edge of this
train thingy and she's letting
the bird go. Umm, they are.
Chasing her, we can see the
whole interior of this thing and
there's there's quite a few
people inside and you can kind
of see like all the mechanics of
how it's working and they're
chasing her with their Spears.
There's somebody on top.
Pointing at her.
And the sky is really dark, the
clouds are really dark, and
she's even put down her marker
to let the bird go.
{And let's move on to the next
page.}
And they captured her, and her
red marker is falling.
So there's two guards that have
her, and then the person that
was standing up above that was
pointing at her is now down
there with them as well and he
looks like he's maybe some sort
of royalty or something.
And then on the next page, she's
in the cage.
She's in a cage that's similar
to what the.
Bird was in um and they're like
turning a wheel and she's like
below the.
Train.
And they're up above, turning a
wheel.
{I can move on to the next
page.}
The bird has come back and it
has her marker in its beak and
she is like jumping for joy
inside of this cage. The cage
doesn't really like. It's not
fully enclosed and there's
definitely openings around this
cage. So she's really happy the
bird has saved her now, like she
saved the bird. We're moving on
to the next page and the bird is
on her shoulder. She's starting
to draw.
with the red marker. And then
the bird flies away. She's still
drawing. And now the bird comes
back and she's sitting next to
her and she's still drawing.
She's drawing some sort of like
a box, like a rectangle shape.
OK, so she was drawing like a
magic carpet. So now she's on a
red magic flying carpet.
She's out of the cage. We can
still see the cage there. It's
behind her. There's all kinds of
like pretty colors. I mean sort
of like like Aladdin, you know,
kind of you would see in the
movie. It's got like the oranges
and the purples and the red. So
lots of pretty colors. You can
see she's like up in the sky and
lots of lots of clouds, purple
clouds surrounding her. We could
still see kind of the.
Something below. A town or maybe
the train, I don't know.
Something is there's like people
and stuff below her and the
purple bird is flying with her.
So there's the purple bird
flying ahead of her and then she
is right behind it with the on
the red carpet.
And we see her just up in the
sky. It's really pretty. There's
lots of stars in the sky.
Again, the purple Bird is is in
front now. It's pretty far ahead
of her and she's on the red
carpet flying in the sky and
there's lots of stars in the
sky, beautiful colors. You can
see kind of like some mountains
or something behind her as well
as a building maybe that castle.
And like a kind of a crooked
palm tree.
And she has landed with her red
carpet. She's down by this tree.
There's a little tiny purple
door. She's still got her red
marker. And the purple bird is
just standing next to the purple
door. And she goes up to the
purple door. The bird is there,
it's it's opening its wings, and
she's about to open the door.
She opens the door and the bird
flies through, and then she
crawls through the door.
And now, so she's crawling out
like it looks like a like a post
post office mailbox. And there's
a boy and he has a purple
marker. And he is like running
towards the bird with his arms
wide open, like he wants to give
the bird a big hug. And he's got
a purple marker. She's got a red
marker. And the bird flies to
the boy. He's on his hands. The
boy, his other hand is lifting
up
The girl with the red marker and
then the girl with the red
marker is starting to draw a
circle, and the boy with the
purple marker has the bird and
he's drawing a purple circle. So
we've got a red circle and a
purple circle, and they're just
standing next to them and we can
move on.
And ohh they drew a little bike
and now they're they're riding
off together. It's like a 2 seat
bike. So it's got a purple wheel
in front and a red wheel in back
and they're just they're riding
this bike together and the girl
is pointing ahead so that their
markers and the bird is flying
with them. #END_journey
You can move on.
That's it. That's cute.
Let me see.
What we have next?
OK, next we have a complex
scene.
OK.
OK, can you see my screen?
So this is just a complex scene,
so like last week, take 3 to 5
minutes to describe what you
see.
OK, alright so.
#START_airport We have a where's
Waldo Scene.
There's a whole lot going on.
We've got some. There's all
kinds of stuff in the sky. We've
got a plane, we've got like a
blimp, we've got a.
Gosh, what are those planes
called that? I mean it's almost
like a kind of floats on the air
type plane we've got a like a.
Spaceship, also a rocket and
another plane.
We've got a looks like a like a
hot air balloon down on the
ground. There's some planes on
the ground.
There's trucks on the ground, a
bus.
A fire truck and it's there's
people on the fire truck and
there.
Um, they've got the hose and
they're squirting water at some
other people. You have a plane
with people exiting the plane
and and there's like a luggage
cart, couple luggage carts and
there's.
Boxes and.
Cargo that must have just come
off the plane. There's people
that seem to be working at the
plane and then people who just
seem to be exiting like they
were just on the plane. There's.
It looks like that must be the
in. OK, so then on the bottom of
the page is the inside of the
airport, so that's where they're
walking to and some of the
people are inside. There's like
a a luggage carousel inside.
There's people working behind a
desk.
There's there's a lot of people
inside kind of all doing their
own thing, and then there's an
upper deck to that. So some
people are standing outside. Up
on the upper deck, there's a
blue bus with a line of people
about to enter the blue bus.
There's a red.
Truck like a.
I don't know, maybe carrying
like gas or oil or something and
it's got like a.
A string or something behind it
attached to it, and then there's
a.
A cart.
With luggage, like a person on a
person with a cart of luggage,
but it's like attached to that
string. There's a green truck
and some people that look like
they probably are working on the
green truck or came from the
green truck, there's.
Several other planes.
There's some people on the
ground that like came off of the
fire truck probably maybe like
fell off the fire truck. There's
a looks like an ace of spades on
one of the planes.
There's another plane and the
stairs have come off and so the
people are trying to exit and
they're just falling to the
ground as opposed to walking
down the stairs.
There's.
There's oh, in the background
there there's another plate and
there's like some animals going
on the plane.
They're really small, but it
looks like maybe elephants.
And.
Yeah, and there's some flags in
the background. There's several
flags, different countries.
#END_airport
Do you want to keep going or is
that good? That's good, yeah.
OK.
I'm gonna pull up.
Let's see what we have next.
OK, you have another complex
scene.
OK. Can you see it? Yeah, OK.
#START_birthday_party_fun OK, so
another very crowded scene. Lots
and lots of different things
going on in this one. We've got
that's it's birthday party fun.
So we've got like a jumping
house with a bunch of kids in
costumes. So there's kind of a
Bunny costume and a bat costume
and maybe a Spiderman costume, a
frog costume, dinosaur costume,
a witch costume.
A fairy costume.
And then there's on the side,
there's like kids dressed up
like animals and there's
somebody dressed up like a.
Like a Ranger with a net. Like
they want to grab the animals.
Yeah, a lot of people here seem
appear to be in costumes. So as
we move on we see more people in
costumes, adults and children as
well. We've got somebody with a
birthday cake. We have a whole
table of food, so there's like a
salad and.
Like all kinds of just like
bowls of food and stuff and
people there. There's a chef at
the table. There's, there's a
table of presents.
There's balloons. There's a
clown.
There's a like a kiddie pool.
Kids, one kid has a bucket and
they're dumping water on another
person.
There are several people in the
pool.
There's like a big hose.
Um.
Yeah, there's quite a few people
in Costumes. Oh, it looks like
there might be like actual
animals there too, because I see
what looks like a donkey.
And.
There's people like I there's
somebody hiding in the bushes.
There's there's a bunch of
decorations. There's a pinata.
And then there's like a older
lady, there's a fence, and she's
kind of like looking over the
fence to see what's going on.
There's a tug of war going on in
the yard.
There's like a decorations
hanging from the trees.
And in the bushes there's like
streamers.
up.
Yeah.
All kinds of different costumes.
#END_birthday_party_fun Do you
want me to keep going? I can
name some of the costumes or I
can stop.
You're good here. Let me next.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.
OK.
#START_dinasours_spacemen_and_ghouls
All right, so it says Dinosaur,
spaceman and ghouls. It's
another. Where's Waldo?
There's like all kinds of
different things going on in
this one. So on one.
end there's like a A setup that
is all kinds of like spaceship
alien type stuff. So it's like a
scene like they, I mean.
Like a big wall that they put
up.
It's a bunch of aliens.
There's scaffolding and stuff
behind it, and there's somebody
sitting up on the scaffolding
and there's somebody.
There's somebody on a ladder.
Oh, that's like painting this
picture. So they like, painted
this scene.
And then over next to it, on the
other side, we've got like a
whole dinosaur area, so there's
like a bunch of different
dinosaurs and there's like a
volcano or something with some
people.
Like.
Sitting on the volcano and
there's like.
Lava spewing out of it right
underneath them, and they're
dressed up like Cavemen. And
then there's like there's other
Cavemen, so there's a whole
bunch of Cavemen over by the
dinosaurs. Some of them are
trying to climb up the volcano.
There's lights around it.
And the dinosaurs are like kind
of some of their heads are in
the lights.
Umm.
Down below, it's like maybe
where you check in because
there's people.
People and kind of like a line
and are not really in line, but
they're just kind of all over in
line. And there's doors where
they're going in, there's a
dinosaur going in the door and
there's people dressed up like
mummies.
And if you move over a little
further, there's another scene
and there's like.
Ghouls and goblins.
Umm.
There's like mummies and.
A bunch of other people. There's
lights.
It looks like ice cream in the
middle. I don't know exactly
what that is.
And then if you go over a little
bit further, there's another
scene of people.
Kind of looks like a diner. Um,
there's tables and there is a
buffet and there's pictures of
what looks like pie on the wall.
There's people sitting at the
table.
So there's just kind of like
several different scenes going
on altogether.
And lights all around.
Maybe like several different
movies being filmed or something
altogether.
#END_dinasours_spacemen_and_ghouls
Perfect. Let me see.
What's next?
OK.
What's on this?
OK, Next is a short story.
OK.
OK.
#START_arrival_1 All right, so
the story starts with a.
Picture.
That looks like a family
picture. It's three people. It
looks like a man, woman and a
child.
And it's on a shelf and in the
next picture there's a hand
that's taking the picture off
the shelf. The next picture they
are wrapping it up.
Um, like they're going to send
it somewhere. So they're putting
it in some sort of like tissue
paper and then they're putting a
big bow around it and then
they're there with it with the
bow.
Can't really tell what's
happening in the next picture.
Maybe they put it in a box
because I don't see it anymore.
I don't see the tissue paper in
the bowl anymore, but their
hands are on something and then
they are.
Looks like maybe they've got
like a belt around the box, so
they're like tightening it up
and making sure it's secure.
and just kind of messing with
the belts in the next couple
pictures. They just have like
their hand on the box and then
both hands on the box and we can
move on to the next page.
And now we see like an origami
bird.
And a clock and hat and
something hanging on the wall
next. So they're both hanging on
the wall, the hat and something
else like a towel or something
are hanging on the wall. Then we
have a pot and a spoon.
Drawing of a family, so it's
like a mom, dad and child and a
bird.
And then there's a teapot.
There's a teacup.
With some papers next to it,
there's a.
Like a chest with.
Something inside of it, towels
maybe. It's hard to tell. And
then there is that that family
again. So it's like the mom, dad
and child in the picture. And
then on the next page we see
everything together. So it's
like a scene of all of those
items that I just named. So
there's the the man and woman
that was just call them the mom
and the dad and they're in a
kitchen. They've got the chest
on the table. There's the teapot
and the teacups along with the.
Papers on the table. The drawing
is in the background as well as
the origami bird, the Hat, the
towel hanging on the wall, the
clock.
The pot is in the background,
yeah. So everything that was
just on that other page is now
altogether in this scene.
{We can move on to the next
page.}
OK, and then we have a so bunch
of small pictures again. So
we've got a child sleeping and
then they're like covered up and
they're covers. They're starting
to wake up. And then on the next
picture they're like sitting up
and rubbing their eyes and
yawning and it looks like it's
probably a little girl. She's
sitting at the table with her
bowl and spoon eating something.
And then she's still there in
the next picture and she's kind
of looking off to the side and
then we see a.
Piece of luggage.
A man is putting on a hat. The
woman is putting a scarf around
her head. The girl is putting a
coat and a hood on. She's
putting on boots. Now she's
sitting.
Uh, she's ohh, I'm sorry, she's
not sitting. She has the
luggage, she's holding the
handle of the luggage and the
man and the next picture. She's
kind of like reaching out his
hand and then in the next
picture it's like a scene where
they are outside, the three of
them. The man is holding the
luggage and there's like a kind
of a creepy shadow on the wall
behind them. So on the building
there's like a almost like a
like a dragon tail or some sort
of shadow and it's like spiky.
And it's on the wall. The wall
of the building that they're
walking past.
So we've got the little girl,
she's wearing a hat. She's
looking up.
She's holding someone's hand and
she's looking down and she's
kinda looking off to the side.
And then the next picture,
there's a train coming, there's
a bunch of people waiting for
the train.
And then she's.
There, it's probably her dad.
Somebody has their hand on her
shoulder. I'm guessing it's her
dad. And then the next picture,
her dad is taking off his hat
and there's the origami bird,
and he's holding the origami
bird.
And then he gives it to her.
She's holding it, and they're
standing together and he's got
his arm around her, and now he's
giving her a hug. And now she's
holding the origami bird and
looking off to the side. And
then the woman, let's just call
her the mom, is crying and she
has a handkerchief and she's
hugging the man. We'll just call
him the dad. They're hugging.
And then he's whispering
something in her ear. And then
we see him with his luggage. It
looks like he's.
Probably boarding the train and
all three of them are holding
hands and then you see like all
three hands, but they're let go.
And then we see the train with
the smoke coming out of it. The
train is pulling away and the
train has pulled away. {Move on
to the next page.}
Now we see the photo of the
family, and then we see the
photo is sitting on top of the
luggage and there's a bowl and a
spoon. And then in the next
picture you see it's the man
with the he's eating something.
He's got the bowl and the spoon
and he's looking at the family
photo. And then we see him
looking out like a, like a
little. Oh it's like a little
circular window, like in a ship.
So we can still see the scene,
but now we're seeing it like
through the window and then
further away.
Through the window and now we
see three little tiny windows.
So we're just seeing the windows
of the ship, and then we see a
bunch of windows, and then we
see, we can see now that it is a
ship and there's a whole, we can
see a whole bunch of windows,
and now we just see the ship.
#END_arrival_1
We can move on and that's it.
OK, if you need a break, we
could take a 2 to 3 minute break
right now. If not, whatever
works for you.
Yeah, we gotta take a couple
minute break, OK.
All right. Thank you.
Next we have another short
story. I will.
Share my screen.
OK.
#START_arrival_4 OK, so we start
out with a man. He is in the
shower.
And then he's shaving.
And he is putting on a vest.
So he's getting dressed in the
next scene In the next picture
he is putting on his shoes and
then he has.
I think it's money in his hand
and he is putting on a hat.
Uh, he's there's a map in the
next picture, and then he's
holding the map, and now he is
outside and he's got some kind
of animal with him and he has
the map.
Next picture he's walking and
the animal is is following him
and next picture.
Like a like a swirly Road.
There's a building, there's
clouds.
Um.
Yeah, there's like a bunch of
buildings and then.
On the next page we see the map,
we see him looking at the map.
I'm looking more intently at the
map, and there's the animal is
there with him. And then on the
next picture he's standing.
And I'm like, I don't know,
maybe it's like a platform or
something, just a bunch of
people around and there's like.
teepee looking things behind him
and.
Kind of looks like there's like
ships in the air behind him and
like a bridge.
And there's people in animals on
this platform. {We'll go to the
next page.}
OK, so we see that animal is
standing with another animal. So
I don't know what it is. It's
got like a big long curly tail
and then whatever it's standing
with has like two big pointy
ears and then in the next
picture.
He is.
It's it's him and a woman, and
the two animals are behind them
and they're they're not
together. But like he's looking,
he's kind of he's got his map
out in front of him, but he's
looking over at the woman and
she's looking at a book.
And now in the next picture,
he's approached her, he's asking
her, it looks like he's asking
her a question, and now she's
pointing at something on the
map, and the next picture is
just the map with them pointing
and then she's pointing at.
I guess it must be like a old
timey telephone and they're
doing the dial.
Whatever you call it with the
like circle dial and then
there's a handle and they're
trying to.
Use the handle and then there's
a.
I don't know what that is. It's
like, it's like a shoot or
something. And something's
coming out of the shoot and
they're holding their hand out
to get whatever it is. And then
the woman is showing him
whatever it is and maybe like a
boarding pass or something. It
looks like a ticket, like some
sort of a ticket. And then she's
handing him the, let's just call
it the ticket, and then they're
talking in the next picture.
She's holding up three fingers
and oh, it looks like she's got
like a.
What are those clocks called?
I can't think of the name of it,
but it's like the the pocket
pocket watch. And then in the
next picture they're looking at
these like flying ship things.
So there's like a whole bunch of
people and they're kind of
looking up and pointing at
these, like, flying ships in the
sky. And the flying ship is
coming there. The flying ship
has arrived. They're all
standing outside of the flying
ship. It looks like they're
probably about to board it. He's
got his animal with him.
And then he's giving them a must
be a ticket and they're punching
the ticket. And the conductor
whoever took it is like telling
him where to go, like kind of
motioning off to go over here.
And he's sitting on a bench with
his animal, and now he's sitting
next to a woman.
Umm.
It must be the same woman, and
she's got that same animal with
the pointy ears and there's
they're talking. She's got the
little animal in her lap and
he's talking. He's pulling
something out of his inner
jacket pockets.
A piece of paper and she's.
Like holding her chest, um, and
looking at it, and then she's
pulling something out of her
bag.
And it's a piece of paper and it
looks like it's a.
I know something from older
times, but it's like a picture
of her on it, so I don't know if
it's like a.
Documentation showing who she is
and maybe that's what he had as
well because his has some sort
of a picture on it also, or
passport because there's stamps
on it. So maybe that's like what
passports used to look like, I
don't know. And then it looks
like the picture is like of her.
As a child. And then on the next
page, it's she's reading a book.
And somebody is.
Coming up to her and they're
they, they want to take the book
away. She's horrified. And then
they're putting the book into a
drawer and they're locking the
drawer, and now they're handing
her a shovel, and she's walking
really sadly with the shovel. It
doesn't look it's a good
situation and she's shoveling
like coal or something into it.
Looks like maybe a furnace. And
she's shoveling. Shoveling. It's
like spewing stuff back out.
To her, and now she's got like a
chimney sweep and she's up on a
ladder and she's like cleaning
out the chimney of this furnace.
I'm guessing she's like telling
the story of maybe what happened
to her as a child and then she
is in a big room with all kinds
of chimneys and she appears to
be cleaning them.
Now she's sitting on the floor
and she looks like she's
probably crying. She's upset.
Now she's back with the shovel
and now she's trying to open a
door with a shovel.
And then she's kind of like
peeking and looking behind her.
She's opening the drawer. She
found her book. She she grabbed
her book and it looks like she's
escaping and I don't know what's
in that middle picture. And then
she's like climbing out a window
and she's hiding and she's got
her book and she is. And then
the next picture is a picture of
the train.
And OK, now we're back to the
the ship in the sky.
And.
She's pointing at that. So it's
the man and the woman again.
She's got the pointy eared
animal in her lap and she's
pointing at something and
someone is talking into a big
megaphone, like a conductor or
somebody, and now they're out.
Now the people are outside and
they're looking.
They're looking up at.
Probably it must be the ship.
And then he's looks like he's
saying goodbye, like he's
shaking her hand and he and his
animal are walking away. And
then he's got his hand on his
chin like he's thinking about
something and he's looking up to
the sky. And then now he is.
Now he's like.
Outside and he's looking at like
a statue that looks like his
animal.
And there's some other people
there, and that's kind of like a
weird looking city. But yeah,
he's just kind of looking at
the, I'm guessing it must be a
statue of like a big giant
thing, and it looks a lot like
the animal that he's with.
And now he's walking with the
animal. Then he there's about a
whole bunch of people now
there's like.
a bunch of tails.
And two people talking to each
other and then we see.
Looks like a woman with a hat
and a scarf and gloves and
she's.
She's got her hand on something.
And then there's.
An older man and another person
with a hood and they're they've
got like an animal in a box.
And then we see him with his
animal and just kind of in the
middle of the street with a
bunch of people and that they're
looking at it. There's a book
just pointing at the book, and
then he's kind of looking off to
the animal. So on the wall
there's like.
Hieroglyphic type stuff. And the
animal is like pointing at
something, trying to show him
something and he.
It looks like it's a drawer, so
it's like a drawer on the wall.
He opens the drawer.
there are some some things
inside with tails. And then he
looks back at his book and then
goes back to the drawer. The
drawer is open. There's like
three things with tails inside.
And somebody's got their hand on
one of them. And now he's with a
child. And the child has this,
the thing with the tail in his
hand, and it kind of looks like
a.
like a
See animal like some sort of.
Amphibian or something, but the
kid's hold it's not in water, so
I don't know exactly what it is.
And then the next picture is a
different man with that same
child and he's holding the
amphibian looking thing.
And now our original man that
we've been following throughout
the story, he's kind of like,
no, no, no, I don't want that.
He's showing them the book. He's
showing them a picture in the
book. And I'm like, hey, I want
this. And then he's like talking
about the book. He's like giving
him more details. And the other
man is pointing at something on
the wall. He opens the wall, he
finds something inside.
Umm.
I don't know what it is. It's
like it's like a shell or
something. And then they're
talking. The little boy has a
big basket. He's holding a big
basket, and then the two men are
talking. The basket is there and
the little boy is there.
OK, so the 2nd man is holding.
Looks like a giant shrimp.
And then the little boy is
holding.
Something.
It's got like bubbles coming out
of it, and then the man is.
he's got his hand to his lips.
I'm guessing he's eating
something and then the little
boy is holding something else.
It's like a big.
It looks like a giant acorn, but
it's like huge. And then.
Somebody's hands are around.
Something with like 4 tails.
And then the man, this is his
second man, he's got like a big
snake in his hands. And then
that second man has some sort of
like fish looking thing in his
hands and he's given the thumbs
up. And then he's got something
else kind of small. I can't
really see exactly what it is in
his hands and he's holding it
out.
And then the little boy has that
amphibian looking thing and he's
like putting it up to his mouth
like he's going to eat it.
And then the original man is
back and he's holding something.
And the little boy is about to
feed the animals, the the man's
animal and then there's a basket
and so that's that basket that
the boy was holding in the last
page.
And there's just a bunch of
stuff in it. And then the little
boy is talking to the second
man. He's like whispering
something in his ear.
2nd Man has his arm around the
first man and now they each have
their own basket of stuff. The
little boy has a basket and he's
pointing at something and now
there's like.
The three of them are in like
the scene in front of like a
enchanted castle looking thing,
and there's like some boats in
front of them and they're all,
they're just kind of standing
and talking.
OK, so the little boy has a
basket and he's got so the
animal is like following him and
he's walking up to a boat and.
The little boy has like a.
Like a cauldron looking thing
now, and there's a tail coming
out of it and the man is with
the original man is with him now
looking at the tail, and now the
tail is getting bigger and the
original man drops his basket
and the little boy just kind of
puts his hand over his mouth.
The two men are standing
together and now they're looking
at something and then the.
It looks like the thing with the
tail came out and it's like a.
Gosh, these don't look like
really animals. It's like an owl
looking thing and he's holding
it and.
There's the owl looking thing
and then the man is standing
with the boy and the 2nd man is
comes over and he's pointing and
now that so it's like an owl,
but it's not an owl because it's
like standing on its feet. So
it's kind of like a cat owl
combo and it's standing with the
man's animal and now.
They're kind of standing next to
each other, hanging out and
then.
We just see some hands and then
we see the two men talking
together. We see our original
man and he's just kind of like
holding his hands up, like he's
asking a question. And then he's
writing something in a book and
we see him. We see him drawing
that tail and along with like 3
houses, and then he's showing
the other man what he drew. And
then the other man has his hands
on his.
Like pointed towards him like
me. And then.
He's looking up at the sky and
his hands are open and then he's
just looking up and now we just
see his eyeball. #END_arrival_4
We can move on.
Let me see what we have.
Next.
OK.
OK, next we have a.
Complex scene.
And now I'm going to share my
screen OK.
OK, can you see my screen? Yes.
OK, so.
#START_being_a_pirate We've got
a whole bunch of pirate ships.
Um, and some land. So the pirate
ships are all in the water.
There's some land that they are
very close to. There's a big
giant pirate ship in the middle.
There's a whole bunch of people
on it. They're like all the way
up to the top. I mean, like,
there's like big.
cylinder things. And there's
ropes coming down like like
climb ropes coming down on the
sides.
And there's people all the way
up to the top by the flag, and
they're just kind of like
dancing on the where like the
sails would be, but the sails
are not open. And let's see,
there's a bunch of little boats.
There's like an octopus thing in
the water.
There's another boat that has
three pirate flags.
Umm.
There's some row boats.
There's.
Like just a whole bunch of like
rowboat.
Some pirate ships, oh, there's a
couple people that have tipped
over. So I see two boats where
they've like tipped over and
then people are in the water,
like asking for help.
And.
There's people that have made it
to the land, so there's land,
there's palm trees and bushes
and there's a boat that's on the
land.
There's.
Oh, there's some people jumping
off a boat on the like the
bottom corner. Oh, there's some
people that have fallen off a
boat kind of near the bottom of
the screen.
There's.
They're like bombing each other
or if they're like shooting
water at each other, but there's
like a boat kind of near the
background and there's like
something spewing out of it and
then it's like it looks like
smoke ish kind of by the.
Pirate ship.
And.
There's.
There's people that appear to be
like walking on the water in
certain places.
There's some birds in the sky.
There's like a little boat
that's that they've like gone up
to a pirate ship and they look
like they're about to exit.
They're a little boat and go on
to the pirate ship or maybe vice
versa. #END_being_a_pirate
Umm.
Yeah. Anything else you want me
to keep looking for and going?
No, that's good. Here all share
the next thing.
Hey, next is a short story.
Oh, wait, let me.
OK.
And you see it.
Yep. OK, perfect. #START_quest
Alright, so we're starting out.
There's, there's a bench,
there's like an Angel statue, a
street light, a fridge.
There is the kids from the story
we saw earlier, because we've
got.
A 2 Seated bicycle with a purple
wheel and a red wheel, and we've
got two children. The girl is
holding the purple, I'm sorry,
the red marker. And the boy has
the purple bird and the purple
marker with him. And then let's
see, on the other side of the
bridge it looks like there's
like a Buddha statue and a
bench.
Umm.
And it looks like it's raining.
And there's some trees in the
background.
Alright, so the two children are
there. There is a king and he is
coming out some doors.
And he's holding something. So
he's all dressed in like orange,
and he's got a crown on, like
orange and maroon, and he's got
a crown on and he's holding a
piece of paper and it has a
circle with some little circles
on it, all in different colors.
And he looks like he's got an
orange marker, and he's showing
it to the kids. And the kids
look really scared. So the one
the girl is down on the ground
and the boy looks like he's
about to fall over. They both
have their markers and the
purple bird is there with them.
And now the king is standing
with them. They don't look
scared anymore. They're all
standing together. The purple
birds on the boy's shoulder and
the little boy is holding the
piece of paper, kind of like a
scroll type thing, but the king.
Had in the last picture and the
king is just pointing to
something on the page. The king
is still standing in the doorway
and the door is open and now
there are two guard looking
people that are that have
grabbed onto the king and are
like taking him back into the
place and he doesn't look happy
about it. So I think they're
like.
Probably not good.
Doing good things. So he
dropped. He's dropping his
orange marker. They're dragging
him back into the doorway. The
kids are still there. They look
kind of scared. The bird is
there. And now the king is in
the doorway and the guards are
like outside of him, but they're
like, it looks like they want
him to go. Like, you know,
they're going to go inside and
they're going to make sure he
stays inside the orange markers
on the ground. The kids are
there and they're like crouching
down.
Looking at him and the bird is
on the the little boy's back.
Move on.
And so now the girl has the, the
red marker and the orange
marker. And the boy has the
purple marker and the bird and
the scroll, and they're standing
at the doorway and and they're
just kind of looking at the
purple marker. And now the girl
is drawing. She drew like a
circle and a line with her red
marker. And that's next to the
door. And the boy is drawing
what looks like a flower.
On the ground with his purple
marker, and it looks like
they've both drawn keys, so
they're holding up their keys.
She's got the red key, he's got
the purple key. They're kind of
holding them up together, the
birds looking at them, and they
each open a door with their own
key. And they're running through
the door and the bird is
following them.
{And you can move on to the next
page.}
Now they're in, they're
outdoors, but they're at the
castle and it's like.
I mean it's really beautiful.
It's it seems like it's similar
to the last story with the, you
know, all the like gold domes
and the the many rooftops and
many different buildings all
attached together. The kids are
hiding on a rock and there's
water surrounding the building
and there's a waterfall right
behind them that's like.
Pounding on the rock and then we
see the king is on a ship.
He doesn't look like he wants to
be on the ship. It looks like.
He's like, they're like stealing
him. And there's several guards,
there's 12345, at least five,
and then it looks like there's a
whole bunch like sitting down on
the ship as well, but there's
like 5 standing and they all
have like these big Spears and
there's a bridge above them with
some people on the bridge.
In the sky, there's some.
Air.
Ship air type things. Looks like
there's people on those.
There's a guard in the front of
the castle.
So the kids are still at their
rock with the waterfall right
there and the bird is there with
them and they are looking at the
piece of paper that the king
gave them and they're like
pointing at it. The ship is is
sailing away. There's a bunch of
people on top of the bridge.
They're on like boats or
gondolas and.
There's pretty clouds in the
background of the sky, and the
water looks pretty, but I don't
think it's a good situation. And
then the next page, we're
looking at the thing that the
king gave them. So that scroll
or that piece of paper and it
looks like it, maybe it's like a
map. So it is. It's got circles
on it. It's got yellow, green,
blue, purple, red and orange.
And then each of these circles
has a picture inside of it.
And then around the circles
there's circles, or around the
circles that like make a
rainbow.
It starts with the purple and
then it looks like it adds on
with each one. So it seems like
maybe it's like a like a map to
a treasure or something. So like
starts with the purple and
there's a palm tree in it, and
then it moves on to the red and
there's like trees with
lanterns, and then it moves on
to the orange and there's the
castle, and then it moves on to
the yellow and there's some sort
of a building and then it moves
on to the green.
I don't know exactly what that
is inside, maybe another
building, and then it moves on
to the blue. And the blue
there's like a mountain. And
then by that time there's like
the full rainbow, so there's
like all the colors coming off
the blue.
{And then let's go to the next
page.}
OK, so the kids are still at
their rock. They're like hiding.
They don't want anyone to see
them. The bird is there with
them. They're still looking at
the picture. They're still kind
of peeking around the rock to
see what they can see. Now it
looks like all the people that
were up on that bridge are now
down with them on their gondolas
and.
They're probably part of part of
the crew that captured the king,
but these are people on their
own gondolas.
Most of them are dressed in like
armor. One of them is dressed in
some sort of gold. And I think
he's from the last story too,
because he's got like a like a
gold hat on, and he looks kind
of like one of the people that
was in the last story. And it
also looks like they've got that
cage that they captured the bird
in from the last story. So
somebody's holding that. And
then on the next page we see the
kids and they've got their
markers.
And they're holding up their
markers next to each other and
then the girl is starting to
draw like a ball and.
Oh, like flippers and.
Like they're going to go
circling or scuba diving and the
boy's drawn.
I don't know. That's like a a
It's like a.
Octopus or something. It's like
he's drawing something. It's
purple, it's got like 3 tails
and now they're diving under the
water so they must be in like
scuba gear. Yep. And they're in
scuba gear and they've got an
octopus with them so he drew
like a giant octopus so they can
ride on it. The bird is with
them too, they're under the
water. There's also some fish
and and sharks there.
And it's like purple under the
water.
And there's a building under the
water also.
We can move on to the next page.
And so they get to the building
and it's like a hidden treasure.
It looks like like they're
finding whatever this treasure
is and they're like taking it
from from.
It's like a statue with
seahorses and there's something,
there must be some sort of
treasure on the top of the
statue.
Bird is still with them, and the
next page they're hanging on to
the octopus, and now all those
men in armor are following them
with their Spears, so they're
all under the water too. They
know that. Flippers on too, and.
They are headed somewhere, so
they're following up. Let's move
on.
The children are getting out of
the water and they're taking,
the girl has taken off her
flipper. She's trying to grab
the boy. Like come on, let's go
and the, Umm, the bird is flying
up above. They're running into
like a bunch of palm trees, like
a little island, and they're
drawing together. So I don't
know exactly what it is, but the
boys drawing some kind of
circular and triangle thing and
the girls drawing like a box.
And then so
they've entered some sort of
other magical land. Now they've
got a.
Right now, aceros that they're
writing on and.
Like a little tent on top of it,
like a red tent and a purple
rhinoceros.
The land's first it's like kind
of like pyramids, and then
there's water and there's like a
big.
Pyramid-y thing in the
background, like on its own
island.
I can move on.
And there's a big bridge and the
kids are running on the bridge.
It's like a rope bridge. And and
the kids are running and the
purple bird is with them and
that's that's leading them to
that.
Pyramid thing that it's on its
own island and it has like a
light on top. You can see like a
yellow glow on top of it and
there's a whole bunch of birds
in the sky and there's water
underneath them.
Bridge does not look very stable
at all.
{And we can move on to the next
and} OK, so they've made it to
the other side. They're standing
on top of the.
The pyramid thing, they're like
right at the top where the light
is and the bird is with them.
And now all the men in armor are
running across the bridge
towards them, pointing their
Spears at them, and the kids are
drawing again. So the boy is
drawing something. That's.
No, it's some kind of like Oval
type things. And then the girls
drawing some sort of box looking
thing, they still got the
scroll, they still got the bird
and they've got whatever their
treasure is, they've got that
too.
and
now they're on.
So she drew a swing, and he
drew. It's like a giant
dragonfly that's like flying
them away. So the the men in
armor are right there, and
they're like so close that they
can't get them. They're like
reaching out to get them. And
the kids are on their swing and
they're floating away with their
big giant dragonfly. There's a
whole bunch of mountains in the
background.
And the dragonfly thingy drops
them off at a Buddha statue and
now oops all the armored men are
following as well. They've got
they've all got some kind of
flying things that they're
following in. The kids are on
top of the Buddha statue and OK,
so it looks like they had to
collect.
All these different colors, so
there's like a belt with a whole
bunch of different colors that
was like the treasure thing that
they were getting from the map.
So now we see that they've
collected them all and they're
at, they must be at their final
destination. So they're holding
it up. The bird is with them.
They're like standing on top and
just kind of holding it up.
And.
The men in armor are right
there. They're trying to grab
the bird. They've got that cage.
Trying to.
Trying to get anything that they
can, and then they're like
holding out their shield, their
swords at them.
The kids are just standing on
top. I don't know if they grab
the thing. I can't. I don't see
the treasure thing anymore. I'm
not sure if it's still there or
not. Oh, I think the bird has
it. Looks like the bird maybe
has it.
That's why they're trying to
grab the bird. OK, and then we
move on to the next page.
Oh, OK, so the bird is flying
away with it, and it is forming
a giant rainbow there at the end
of the rainbow. And the rainbow
looks like it must be so bright
that the men in armor like can't
even stand it because their
planes are falling down from the
sky and they're like hands are
over their eyes and they don't
even want to look at it, and
they're like, I'll just falling
out of the sky.
And there's a big giant rainbow,
and at the other end of the
rainbow there's the king. So the
bird found the king and he's
like holding up his arms like
yay. And then the all the men in
armor on the ship are like
falling off the ship and
covering their eyes because it's
too bright.
And now there's like a big
rainbow over the castle. It's
really beautiful.
And it looks like there's like
everybody's happy. There's a big
dragonfly thing in the sky.
There's the octopus below,
there's the rhinoceros and the
king, and the two children are
on the rhinoceros and they're
like waving to everybody.
And the bird is there too. And
now we are back at the the
little waterfall and the rock
that the kids were hiding
behind, and the little boy's on
the rock. The King is is walking
down some stairs and the little
girl is still on the rhinoceros.
The dragonfly thingy's up in the
background, the octopuses there,
the rainbow still there, and.
OK, so they've given the king
back his orange marker.
The kids are standing by like a
doorway and.
The king is drawing with his
orange marker and he's drawing
crowns for the kids. So he's
putting crowns on the kids and
they are waving goodbye. And
he's kind of like, his hands are
like together, like in a prayer,
like thank you position. And the
kids and the bird are like going
through the doorway and waving
goodbye to the king. And now
they.
Now the rainbow is on the other
side, so the rainbow is like
back where they originally
started.
And they're looking out at the
city and the rainbow. They've
got their crown done. #END_quest
OK, next we have.
Another story.
We have.
Yeah.
This story let me.
Slideshow.
OK.
OK, so.
We see.
I don't know, like a?
Also, this story has 44 slides.
There's like some pictures might
have like more than others. Just
OK, OK, alright. And how long do
you want me to take to go
through it?
Like.
OK, So what we have left, we
have.
Three stories left and one.
Um, seen. And if I'm not
mistaken, the other stories are
short.
Yeah, like one of the stories is
2 slides, OK.
And the other one is 4.
OK. So like we might be able to
finish everything.
Um, so.
Yeah, just like probably like 10
minutes for the story. We'll try
like I'll try to pace it. So.
OK, alright, sounds good. OK.
#START_wanderer OK, so we start
out with two people together.
One of them is dressed up like,
I don't know, maybe like a
superhero or something. He's got
like a horn in front of his head
and a horn in back or.
Maybe, yeah, that's what it
looks like. And then he's got
like a Cape on, and then the
other person has like a striped
shirt on and they've got like a
big giant piece of paper and
they're folding it together into
like origami. And they're
working together on it and
they're making it into a paper
ship. And on the next page we
see a a real ship, like a giant
ship.
And also, oh I'm sorry, and the
little origami ship is next to
it.
And then you can keep going.
And then we see some birds in
the sky, so there's like a bunch
of white birds. And then that
little origami ship is down
below in the water, just kind of
sailing along and the birds are
still in the sky. The origami
ship is down and there's like
turtles and a bird like all over
by it and then.
Might be a whale. Oh, I'm sorry.
And then the next page we see
the origami ship again and
there's like a whale or
something next to it.
And now the.
Is that a whale? I'm going to
say it's a whale.
The whale is wearing the little
origami ship like a hat and we
see.
Fish, we see a bunch of fish, we
see a whole bunch of fish and
then like plant life, that's
underneath the water.
And yeah, and then.
The so now the origami ship is
back on the water. The whale is
no longer there and we see a
whole bunch of the plant life.
We see a bunch of the fish.
Everything's just kind of
swimming along underneath the
water.
Yeah, there's a lot of fish and
keep going and.
Um, it's like little tadpoles.
There's some fish like kissing
now the the origami ship has a
fishing pole and it's caught a
fish under the water.
Thank you. Move on.
And.
So there's OK, so there's the
origami ship, and then there's
like fish that are like standing
up in the water. And one of them
is, it's like a checkered
seahorse and it has a little
origami. I mean, it looks just
like the origami ship, except
he's wearing it like a hat and
it's tiny. And then on the next.
Page we see he's like on the
origami ship, he's wearing it.
So this is the seahorse. He's
wearing his hat and there's like
a big snake thing that is.
Right there as well. So like
trying to board the origami
ship.
So.
Fish below.
Yeah. And keep going and then.
In the tree, it looks like
there's like a bunch of cranes
in.
Bushes and the the little ship
is coming towards the bushes and
the crane. There's a bunch of
like flowers.
And the seahorse is still in the
origami ship.
We can move on.
And now it's going past
everything. So it's going past
the cranes, it's going past all
the.
Bushes. We can see the fish
below it.
Keep going.
Now it's darker.
The seahorse is still on the
origami ship.
We're going past bird.
And.
Some looks like maybe people, I
don't know. There's just like
arms that you can see. You can't
see the people, but you can see
arms and hands and some birds
with like glowing eyes and.
Some other animal that's got
like some glowing eyes.
Yeah, and move on.
And then.
Now there's a whole bunch of
seahorse checkered seahorses.
Um.
So it's kind of like this, the
seahorse has found its family
maybe and it's take it's hat
came off and it came out of the
origami ship and the ship is
sailing on.
Might keep going.
OK, so now the origami ship is
still sailing and now we're at.
There's like a.
Whale.
Umm, with its part of its head
above the water, and there's a
bunch of birds on top of its
head.
Most of it is under the water,
though, and there's tiny little
fish swimming there too. And
now.
I don't know what it has. It's
got like something coming out of
its spout, but it's like a.
Like a fishing pole or
something. And it also has like
legs and stuff.
And the the little origami ship
is is.
Still right there.
Yeah, so it like sprouted a
bunch of stuff. I don't know
what what happened to the whale
or if that's maybe something
different, but it's similar in
shape to the whale. It might be
something different and we can
move on.
And then.
Now there's a bunch of.
Birds.
Now are those? Yeah, those are
birds. And then there's.
It's all kinds of weird looking
animals, so it's like it kind of
looks like an elephant, it kind
of looks like a zebra and sort
of looks like a tiger and.
The lion and.
Cats.
Snake.
I don't know, there's a whole
bunch of like animal looking
things about and the origami
ship is still there on the
water.
And keep going.
Now it's the night sky, so it's
still on the water and it's like
floating past all these stars
and a moon and a dark sky.
And keep going.
And now there's like a whole
bunch of animals surrounding it.
Like surrounded by probably
fish. And they all have glowing
eyes.
And we can move on.
And now it's it's still in the
water. There's some kind of like
swirly something above it.
I don't know. It's it's not like
a cloud, but it's some sort of
weird swirly thing in the sky
and there's a whole bunch of
stars in the sky and there's a
few animals around it. Looks
like kind of some fish.
I can move on.
And now it's going past like an
iceberg.
Keep going.
Now it's in like a cave.
Yeah, it's like going through
The Cave and then.
Umm.
It's probably still in The Cave
and now there's like a.
Looks like a I mean it looks
like a scuba diver but then he's
got like weird looking hands. So
it's not like a person, but
they're in a scuba type outfit
and they have found the origami
boat and they grabbed the boat
and they.
So they've got like a big like
light or something on their.
Looks like it's coming off of
their head.
And they're shining the light on
it to look at it to see what it
is.
And keep going.
And oh, there's the origami boat
in the corner, and there's a big
ship.
Bunch of smoke. There's some
white birds.
Yeah. So there's like maybe two
ships.
And then there's like that big
light thingy, so maybe the scuba
diver or whatever that was is
underwater.
Keep going and then ohh there's
a whole bunch of.
Umm.
Birds white birds all around and
there's a big.
Industrial looking place with a
bunch of smoke.
And the origami boat is sailing
towards it.
Keep going.
And.
There's like.
Somebody like a bunch of well
they don't look like people but
12345 some things maybe people
shooting down at the.
Water.
And the origami ship is there.
It looks like it got shot.
There's like a big.
Kind of like those.
Um, machines where you would
like.
It would like have a claw, you
could like get a stuffed animal.
There's like a big hook like
that coming from the boat or
whatever these people are that
are shooting are on and then in
the next page it's like a oh,
there's no, that's OK, that
scuba diver thing.
This is like a person, but it's
like maybe it is, it's a scuba
diver. They're on like a rocket
ship and they've OK, so they
sent a little like a.
What's the word?
Life.
Not life jacket. Life ring.
That's not the word, but that's
that's what I'm going to call
it. Life ring out to the boat.
to save it the origami boat and
move on.
And now the scuba diver is like.
Attached to the bow, he's got
like a.
He's like being towed by it,
like by a rope. And now there's.
A bunch of animals on a ship. Oh
that. That superhero looking guy
is there too. So he's the one
that's got like the Big Horn in
front and the Cape. So he's with
all these animals and there's a
kite behind them and.
Yeah, all kinds of animals on
the ship. And then like a.
Like a jester looking like
somebody dressed up like a
jester on there too.
All right. And then now there's
a big wave. And on the kite,
there's two looks like children.
There's a cat walking on the
string towards the kite.
And there's like a.
Looks like a paper airplane that
the superhero guy is holding on
to.
And all the animals are still
there, but they look scared.
It looks like the scuba diver
guy's there too.
Oh, and OK, so then there's the
there's a little.
Origami boat is in the wave.
It's like riding up the wave.
All right, move on.
And there's the origami boat. It
made it out. And then on the
next page there's the paper
airplane. And that there's like
a storm or something in the sky
too. There's like lightning in
the sky.
You can move on.
And now the origami boat is
going through.
Looks like a bunch of doughnuts.
And then on the next page
there's like a snake thingy.
Uh, that has the.
Paper Airplane.
Can move on.
Umm.
You know, it's like a.
Dragon snake type thing.
And then the.
Origami boat is going through
all these like.
Tire type thing, I mean it's
probably part of the snake and
then outside of there that it's
going towards, there's two
animal looking things. One looks
kind of like an elephant and the
other one I don't know, it's
kind of like a narwhal. It's got
like a big giant horn on its
head.
Umm.
Can move on.
And.
OK, so there's the origami boat
and they're like pouring water
into the boat. So we've got
those two animals and they're
like the one's like spewing
water into the boat. And then on
the next page there's like a.
Man fish and he's standing on
like an island and it looks like
that's the origami boat in the
water. Maybe it's kind of like
tipped off to the side.
Uh, and man fish is like looking
up at the sky. There's a bird in
the sky.
And move on.
And now we're underwater. So the
origami boat has gone underwater
now, and there's.
I guess jellyfish. There's
jellyfish under the water with
it.
I can move on.
And it's still under the water.
Now there's fish, fish, and in
the next page, there's there's
other.
Underwater life there.
Move on.
Umm.
Now somebody's like.
Some kind of fish, amphibian,
animal thingy is like making a
home in it, and there's like
light shining down on it. It
looks like it must be like at
the bottom of the ocean maybe
and then.
Now there's a.
Boat just like a.
Submarine type boat and it.
On the front of it, like it's
going back up towards the
lights. So that's the origami
boat is on the front of it.
I don't know what those other
things are. There's like a whole
bunch of things around it.
And they're kind of like V
shaped and light and then like,
they're like bright, like
they're light.
And then we can go to the next
page.
And that ship submarine thing
brought it up to the top of the
water and it's pouring the water
out of the origami boat and
there's another ship.
Like half ship, half sea
creature there at the top of the
water as well. A bunch of birds
oop and now it's like floating
past that ship thingy, that ship
fish thing.
Go on to the next page.
And Umm.
They're like seals, so now
there's like seals playing with
it.
Umm.
Or sea otters, maybe seals or
sea otters and they're like
playing with the.
Origami boat.
You see some other underwater
life as well.
Let's go to the next page.
Umm.
Now it's floating on the water.
It's back on top of the water.
Um, there's sea life underneath.
And the next page, it's kind of
tipping a little bit. There's
like a.
I mean, it looks like a I mean
it looks like a person.
Underneath the water and it
looks like a big.
I don't know what that is, if
there's something and.
There's like stuff with the
person and there's definitely
fish down there as well.
And keep going.
Umm.
And now we have like a
lighthouse type thing. It's,
it's going past it and there's a
bunch of like animal flesh
people on it on that and birds.
And then the next page it's
floating past another lighthouse
and the lighthouse is like on.
A little tiny piece of land and
there's a person on the piece of
land and there's some ships in
the background.
You can move on to the next
page.
Umm.
Now there's like a giant.
uh.
I don't know what it would be
called. It's like big.
Big metal.
It's not a building, but it's
like a.
Kinda like a bridge type thing.
That's floating past that, and
that's floating past. Oh wait, I
don't see it on the next page,
but I see other things. I see
other ships and.
Things on the next page, I think
it's all like one page. I think
it's just showing. Yeah, it's
just kind of showing it all
together and it's floating past
that that.
Keep going.
OK, so now it's landed on.
Maybe a ship it's like it landed
on a ship and then there's
another little ship that's.
There are two that's on the ship
and then like a sailboat.
Keep going.
Umm.
OK and now there's a.
Kind of a whale looking thing.
It's got like.
I don't know, it's got like a.
Fire hose thingy on it, like a
shower on top of it. It's like
water coming down on it.
And.
Next page is there's like a
couple ships and there's a whole
bunch of people standing outside
the ship and it's floating past
all of them.
Keep going.
It's going past some industrial
areas.
And.
I don't know what that thing is,
but it's got there's like
people, there's like a person
inside of it and it's got like a
big.
Glass ball on top and then
there's some people standing on
the side of.
The scaffolding and industrial.
Area.
Can move on.
Now it's right next to a boat.
That's OK. So that boat has
captured.
Like the narwhal looking thing.
And it's got it in a big net.
And there's a flag on top of the
boat, there's a person on the
boat, there's a dog.
And they like the person looks
like he wants to like grab it
and bring it onto the boat and
then on the next page.
Unless I've gotten past there
because now it's floating past
some other stuff.
And then?
Umm.
It's floating, we kind of see a
whole city.
Umm.
Some sort of creature in the sky
that's got wings. It's like half
man half.
Creature.
Umm.
Couple. There's some birds,
there's buildings, there's
bridges over the water.
And keep going.
And.
Floating past a bunch of animals
again, there's that superhero
looking guy with the horn and
the jester's there. I think this
is all the people that were on
that one boat, because there's
the jester and the horse and the
cat and like a spaceman and
they're all there together and
just floating past and.
Then it's moving on. It's going
through kind of like a tunnel.
And keep going.
There it's well, it's through
the tunnel. We can see the moon,
we can see the stars, we see
Street lights. There's like some
fish or some kind of animals
watching it go by and they've
got like little lighted eyes.
And keep going.
Um, and it is headed towards
what looks like a house, the
street light. There's like one
street light and a little house
and headed that way. And then we
just see it going, going, going
now they're OK. And then there
It looks like there was like
somebody inside, so like a real
faint shadow of a person. And
then by the third picture, we
can kind of see him stepping
off. And then we see them walk
off the origami boat and now
he's walking up the stairs.
There's somebody at the top of
the stairs. And then we see just
their feet together. So like,
they're standing together.
#END_wanderer
And move on.
OK.
OK, this is the next story.
OK.
All right.
#START_arrival_3 OK, so it
starts out we see a man holding
a sign, a couple signs and then
like a maybe like a newspaper
underneath his arm.
The next picture we see two
women with one of them is
holding like a.
Cat type animal and then on the
next picture we see a person
with like a.
Like a spiky animal and he's got
a cart.
That's like.
Maybe it's like a tea cart,
there's like a teapot on it and.
I don't know, some other stuff
like a cash register or
something. And then there's a.
There's two people standing
together. They're holding big
things that look kind of like
eggs.
And they're taking them out of a
big bin and then in the next
picture there's.
A person.
Uh, shaving. So there's a
there's a man being shaved and
then, like a child standing next
to him.
And then in the next picture
there's two men playing
instruments.
And then in the next picture,
there's a group of people.
One's holding an animal, one's
got a book, they're all kind of
sitting together. And then in
the last picture we've got a man
with a hat holding a piece of
luggage. He's wearing a suit.
Move on.
OK, so the man with the hat
looks like it could be the same
man from the story from earlier.
He's holding like a a pocket
watch and he's looking at the
time and then he's holding the
pocket watch and kind of looking
away and then there's.
Some kind of.
I don't know what that is in the
next picture.
It's got some kinda just. It's
like a, I don't know, something
that's got a design on it. And
then the next picture there's a
man walking with a piece of
luggage. There's people walking
past him and he's walking,
walking. Now he's looking around
and there's like.
Lighted bubbles around him. And
now he sees one of the bubbles
and he's got like his finger up
to it, like he's like looking at
it. And now his hat flies off
and all the lights are kind of
going in the other direction and
he's going to pick up his hat.
He puts his hat back on and
there's.
I don't know, it might be a map
or something. It's got a whole
bunch of arrows on it.
And he's looking at a book.
And then we see the book a
little bit closer. Somebody
approaches him from behind. So
he's looking back at the person.
He's got the book in his hand in
front of him, and he's looking
back at the person behind him.
And now we see a man and he's
like holding out his hand to
him, like maybe asking him a
question. Now they're both
standing together and they are
talking and they're still
talking. And now the original
man is writing something down in
his book to show him.
And he's showing him and it
looks like it's a bed. It's like
a bed with a window. So maybe
he's looking for a room to stay
in. And then the man is, he's
holding up his finger like, yes,
I know. And then he's pointing
in a direction to show him where
to go. And now he's like leading
him and he's got an animal on
his back. #END_arrival_3
Come on.
OK, next is our last complex
scene.
OK.
Which is, I'm going to pull it
up right now and then I'm going
to share my screen.
OK.
#START_campsite All right, so we
have another where's Waldo
scene. Umm, there's.
A bunch of tents.
And people at the tents.
There is like a little body of
water, like a stream.
And then on the other side of
body of water, there are some
campers and there's a whole
bunch of people over there as
well. On the side with the
tents, we've got all different
colored tents we've got. One of
the tents is like down like
people are trying to put it up.
I don't know what's happening
right next to that. There's like
animals and there's a bunch of
people and there are like above
they're walking over a bridge on
the body of water. There's,
there's a couple boats and
there's.
A few people fishing in the
water looks like there might be
a mermaid in the water.
There's.
Campers and there's people on
bikes in the background. One of
the campers it looks like
there's. I don't know if there's
a fire or.
A flood. There's something
happening there. It looks like a
bunch of smoke and there's
people inside.
One of the campers has a nice
red and white awning.
One of them. There's like people
grilling outside.
People walking in the
background, there's somebody on
a
Bike.
There's, so there's Waldo by the
tent.
Umm.
There's like a teepee.
And there's some animals looks
like it might be a bison.
A couple bison.
Not sure why there's people are
like laying down on the sidewalk
over there. I don't know exactly
what's happening. Maybe the
animals attack them, but they're
like laying down on the
sidewalk.
Even in line, there's somebody
that's like there's a couple
people on the ground.
People like peeking over the
bushes at the tents.
People, there's a man with the
guitar and like people outside,
like a hippie looking tent, like
they're singing. #END_campsite
Hmm.
Trying to keep going.
That's perfect. I'll pull up our
last item, which is a short
story, OK?
Um, let me just accept out of
that and.
I had it up before I
accidentally exed out of it.
OK.
This one is for slides. I'm
going to play it from the
beginning. Oh, let me just
double check it's the right one.
Yeah, I'm going to play it from
the beginning and now I'm going
to share my screen.
OK.
#START_arrival_5 OK, so we start
out, there's a big building,
there's a lot of birds. They're
all kind of swarming around.
The building.
And then we move on there's a
bunch of little pictures. So we
start out with.
I don't know. It's like a cat
looking statue thing and there's
somebody like putting a rope
around it and then there's two
men standing together once
pointing up in One Direction.
He's holding a barrel.
Umm.
Now we see like a child with
that animals, animals from
earlier. So it's like the white
animal with a big long tail and
like the spiky animal. And then
we've got a woman with a.
Basket. She's handing it to the
child.
And then somebody's giving her a
hug and holding on to. It's like
that man holding the basket.
Now there's a woman and a man
and another man.
Meeting her, he's like shaking
her hand and then she's like
welcoming him in, like leading
him into the house.
There's four glasses and they're
like holding them up like
they're.
They're doing like cheers
together and then.
There there's two hands on the
basket. It looks like it's
probably full of some sort of
food, and then they're chopping
something, some kind of food.
And they're.
They're like making the food in
the next couple pictures.
Move on.
Umm.
It's like they're sitting down
for dinner. So it's the two men,
the woman, the child and then
those animals and they're all
sitting at a table.
I think they're about to eat
dinner.
And so we've got so there's a
man with glasses and he's
smiling and he's happy. And then
the woman is smiling and
laughing and then we've got a
man in the vest looks like
probably the man from the story
earlier. He's smiling and
laughing too, like they're all
having a really good time. The
man with the glasses has an
accordion, something looks like
an accordion. He's playing it.
The woman has some sort of a.
It's not a flute, but it's
that's probably the closest
thing. It's a flute like
instrument, and then the little
boy has like a banjo type
instrument he's playing and then
the man in the vest has some
sort of paper. He's making it
into a origami.
Looks like a fox. He gives it to
the little.
Boy. And then the man with the
glasses is putting away.
some sort of a bowl, and the man
and the woman are standing with
the bowl, and then there's the
man's just standing with the
bowl. We just see the hands in
the bowl.
We can move on.
So we see the bowl just sitting
on like a shelf.
And then we're further away, and
then through a window. And then
we see.
A man waking up in bed and that
that white animal with the curly
tail is coming up and like
licking him. And then he's
petting that animal and then
he's getting dressed and then
he's cutting some sort of food
and then he's feeding the
animal. He's sitting at the
table like eating breakfast and
feeding the animal. And then
he's putting on, he's got a
vest, he's putting on the
jacket, he's standing there. And
then the animal brings him his
hat.
And then we see a scene of like
a bunch of people walking like
in a like in a city. And then
we've got.
Looks like they've got like guns
or something. I don't know.
There's like 3 people and
they've got like Spears or guns
or some kind of long something
and then.
A man with a big giant basket
and he's feeding some sort of
animals, like fish looking
things and then we've got three
people standing around like
maybe they're maybe once
purchasing something from
another one. Somebody is.
I don't know, maybe doing
pottery or something. And then
there's somebody standing on a
ladder, and then there's
somebody with a little Birch.
Um, now
The man is with his animal and
there's a looks like a chef with
a big bowl at the door, and then
the man is with another man and
he's.
He's got an animal too, and he's
like.
I don't know working on.
I don't know exactly what he's
doing. He's like scoot stooping
down. It looks like he's, he's
doing some sort of manual labor
and then the man talking to a
woman behind a counter and she's
kind of like putting her hands
up like no. Then
It looks like there's like a
plane because there's a
propeller and he's talking to
Somebody. There's like people
sweeping and doing some other
things in the background.
#END_arrival_5
OK, I can move on.
OK.